hey guys my name is Tony Tony my name is
sam YG and my name is slick rick and
welcome to the first episode of boys
night out three-minute love lessons so
guys what's the show all about it's all
about relationships it's about my helix
l well I was reading this article that
the sensitive guy always gets the girl
leading so the guy in touch with his
feelings I could see it Sam is a very
sensitive guy oh no more no I'm shining
Sun bye-bye they love the lingerie being
a tourney and I love my match also
feeling school Apple's boy let's thin
Sam I'm sorry I'm late Shira have a seat
finally got to meet you there's
something I mean I'd say life is too
short can't I in time is so fleeting
it's not waste a moment of this
beautiful thing called love you just
myth
that's a wonderful night I'm glad you
invited me up here yeah I'd like you to
see the stars they're so beautiful I
could just take one of them and lock
them up from the sky so I could show
them in my hand and look at them loving
me all throughout the day yeah um well
I'm stars go its value yeah yeah yeah
it's granted it's like love you know
behind the clouds are the stars you're
just there but hey love right okay um
guess what I have to go to do a little
getting late and I've I order a burger
in this so much violence can't we just
have some peace in this world like a
live in a gallery termina go away Johnny
Portland violent so I gave you all just
get along it's so heavy in the heart
come on you know I changed it all
without evening at it dude the skype
demo it wasn't good you're just way too
sensitive you gotta tone it down a bit
but I think you're mr. sensitive can
work he's missing one key ingredient
none sleep one key ingredient Ecobank ET
/ where did it go rookie keeper hello
okay get there take a hot masseuse it
I'll be back wait Jenny
yeah really starving I have just the
thing for you you pop that I got to from
Bondi fresh bonython was a sauna fun we
do not believe mine mouth-watering one
hundred percent chicken breasts coated
and crispy bread crumbs and delicious
classic and cheese and chives flavors
that nourish your soul with every juicy
bite just deep five four three minutes
and experience true happiness you like
it oops lucky like a pocketbook relax of
emotions pop takatsu from Bonnie fresh
you'll love it in an instant